no he's alive
big boss's alive
his body is or rather his selves that's
impossible Big Boss survives as a biome
want a brain-dead shall sustained
liquid has already left for Europe in
search of big boss's body right from the
start he knew his experiment in South
America wasn't going to work
europe huh
if liquid obtains the body he'll be
primed to make his final move allowing
him total control of the system exactly
unless we can stop him first
uncle how I found it huh ah
this is it where'd you have this from 80
security the Patriots
I can't believe this sort of thing still
comes off the war economy is heating up
the R&D race it's not just the PMC's
either every corporation tethered to the
military industrial complex is losing
its sense of morality and it's us
science holics who are doing their dirty
work for them not even realizing it
should we make Jack better I don't know
sunny
man
it's no use there's nothing we can do
here hmm what do you mean
look at this
his artificial blood needs dialysis
we don't have the proper equipment
dialysis getting his wounds healed is
important too but at this rate he's not
gonna last that mom
dialysis is that like what kidneys do
that's right
ridens blood is an older type of
artificial blood that was used by the
military called white blood after it's
been in use for a while the blood needs
to be dialyzed filtered
right now he's slipping into auto
toxemia
in Europe what do you mean please turn
Europe they have equipment that can heal
me there we're the same place liquid
went dr. magna he saved my life dr.
Magnar I've heard of him a
world-renowned cybernetics expert
strictly under ground ball ran luck then
hmm it's settled we must head for Europe
the sooner we get there the better uh
I'll call Campbell and having get us
landing clearance
Oh snake where are you going I'm gonna
be spewing out poison soon enough anyway
what's one more smoker hurt ah this is a
no smoking flight
you